[Google] videos thumbnails (#86)
dimitryzub/stackoverflow-answers-archive: answers/Mikhail/stackoverflow/google/google-search/google-videos/google-videos-thumbnails/answer.md

> Using `cheerio` for scraping images from Google Search you can't get it directly from the `img` tag, because in the `src` attribute by default placed only a placeholder, and the whole image is loaded by javascript. But you can find the whole image in base64 encoding in `script` tags. Check the code below [and full example in the online IDE](https://replit.com/@MikhailZub/Google-Video-Tab-scrape-NodeJS-SerpApi#index.js)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `cheerio` for scraping images from Google Search you can't get it directly from the `img` tag, because the `src` attribute by default contains only a 1x1 placeholder, and the full resolution image is loaded by javascript. To find a full resolution image, you need to extract it from base64 encoding in `script` tags. Check the code below and [full example in the online IDE](https://replit.com/@MikhailZub/Google-Video-Tab-scrape-NodeJS-SerpApi#index.js)
```

Made the wording a little bit more clear.
